doc: Add template for good first issues (#17339)
bitcoin/bitcoin: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/good_first_issue.md

> The purpose of the good first issue label is to highlight which issues are suitable for a new contributor without a deep understanding of the codebase.

Reviewer: Missing the header:

```
---
name: Good fist issue
about: (Regular devs only): Suggest a new good first issue
title: ''
labels: goog first issue
assignees: ''

---

Author: Thanks! I will add this. GitHub seems to be in process of upgrading templates so I was uncertain whether it needed such a header. "You are using an old version of issue templates. Please update to the new issue template workflow"

Reviewer: The header is the new workflow.

You can test this by making `michaelfolkson:20191101-first-issue` the default branch and enabling issues for your repo in the settings. Then, add the "good first issue" label from Bitcoin Core (needs to be capitalized in the same way)

Author: I've followed the above instructions but I can't seem to open a `good first issue` issue with the template that I've added as part of this PR. 

`good first issue` isn’t one of the options I see when creating a new issue (bug report, feature request, report a security vulnerability are the three buttons). “Edit templates” just directs me back to the ISSUE_TEMPLATE directory. Opening a blank issue and changing the label doesn’t update the template.

I’m assuming the issue creation experience needs to be customized with a config.yml file? https://help.github.com/en/github/building-a-strong-community/configuring-issue-templates-for-your-repository

Reviewer: You'll have to change the default branch in https://github.com/michaelfolkson/bitcoin/settings/branches

Author: I did. I followed the above instructions.

> The purpose of the good first issue label is to highlight which issues are suitable for a new contributor without a deep understanding of the codebase.

Reviewer 2: nit: possibly enclose the label name in backticks (in this case, capitalise it like the tag).

Author: The tag isn't capitalized? `good first issue` works though

Useful skills:

> (For example “C++11 std::thread”, “Qt5 GUI and async GUI design” or “basic understanding of Bitcoin mining and the Bitcoin Core RPC interface”)

Reviewer 2: nit: missing comma or colon after "example" and full stop at end of sentence.

Want to work on this issue?

> You do not need to request permission to start working on this. It is encouraged (but not compulsory) to comment on the issue if you are planning to work on it. This will help the maintainers of the project monitor which issues are actively being addressed and is also an effective way to request assistance if and when you need it.

Reviewer 3: > It is encouraged (but not compulsory) to comment on the issue if you are planning to work on it. This will help the maintainers of the project monitor which issues are actively being addressed and is also an effective way to request assistance if and when you need it.

I don't think it's true that maintainers are actively monitoring which new contributors are working on which up for grabs issues. I'd just replace this with "You may wish to comment on this issue if you start working on it. You can also report progress or ask for help here."

Reviewer 4: I think it helps to encourage people to report in progress/issues more frequently so that we have less "XY, are you still working on this?".

Author: Yeah that was my thinking @fjahr. Even if it isn't strictly true (as @jnewbery says) that maintainers actively monitor this I still think it encourages the sought after behavior, namely let everyone (maintainers, author of issue, other new contributors) know you are planning to work on this and keep everyone updated with your progress. Not compulsory but actively encouraged.

Author: I'll keep this as it is unless @jnewbery comes back with strong reservations.

Reviewer 3: My reservation is you're telling people that maintainers are monitoring this, which isn't true!

Author: Haha ok fair enough. How about replacing "the maintainers" with "other contributors"?

"This will help other contributors monitor which issues are actively being addressed and is also an effective way to request assistance if and when you need it."

Reviewer 4: was just going to suggest something similar: s/This will help the maintainers of the project monitor.../This will help others interested in contributing to see.../

> For guidance on opening a pull request please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) 

Reviewer 2: Linter failed due to whitespace at the end of this line.

Author: Ah my bad. Thanks

> For guidance on opening a pull request please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) 

Reviewer 2: nit: possibly add a comma after "request" and a full stop at the end of the sentence.

> For guidance on opening a pull request please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) 

Reviewer 4: I think this can be stronger. I would almost like a disclaimer, like "[ ] Yes, I confirm I have read the contributer guidelines" ;)

```suggestion
For guidance on opening a pull request and other helpful tips, please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before starting the process.
```

---
name: Good first issue

> about: (Regular devs only): Suggest a new good first issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: '(Regular devs only): Suggest a new good first issue'
```

This might need quotes for GitHub to pick it up

title: ''
labels: good first issue
assignees: ''

---

The purpose of the `good first issue` label is to highlight which issues are suitable for a new contributor without a deep understanding of the codebase.

Useful skills:

(For example, “C++11 std::thread”, “Qt5 GUI and async GUI design” or “basic understanding of Bitcoin mining and the Bitcoin Core RPC interface”.)

Want to work on this issue?

> You do not need to request permission to start working on this. It is encouraged (but not compulsory) to comment on the issue if you are planning to work on it. This will help other contributors monitor which issues are actively being addressed and is also an effective way to request assistance if and when you need it.

Reviewer 2: nit: could use active voice rather than passive, e.g. "You are encouraged" or "We encourage you" rather than "It is encouraged (but not compulsory)".
